c:\users\truhtanov\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Twitter\Twitter\bin\Debug\Mashups\ProfileEditor\ProfileEditor.js
c:\users\truhtanov\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Twitter\Twitter\bin\Debug\Tp.Integration.Plugin.Common.dll.config
c:\users\truhtanov\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Twitter\Twitter\bin\Debug\Twitter.dll
c:\users\truhtanov\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Twitter\Twitter\bin\Debug\Twitter.pdb
c:\users\truhtanov\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Twitter\Twitter\bin\Debug\Common.Logging.dll
c:\users\truhtanov\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Twitter\Twitter\bin\Debug\Common.Logging.Log4Net.dll
c:\users\truhtanov\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Twitter\Twitter\bin\Debug\log4net.dll
c:\users\truhtanov\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Twitter\Twitter\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\truhtanov\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Twitter\Twitter\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Services3.dll
c:\users\truhtanov\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Twitter\Twitter\bin\Debug\NServiceBus.Core.dll
c:\users\truhtanov\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Twitter\Twitter\bin\Debug\NServiceBus.dll
c:\users\truhtanov\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Twitter\Twitter\bin\Debug\NServiceBus.Host.exe
c:\users\truhtanov\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Twitter\Twitter\bin\Debug\NServiceBus.ObjectBuilder.StructureMap262.dll
c:\users\truhtanov\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Twitter\Twitter\bin\Debug\StructureMap.dll
c:\users\truhtanov\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Twitter\Twitter\bin\Debug\Tp.Core.dll
c:\users\truhtanov\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Twitter\Twitter\bin\Debug\Tp.Integration.Messages.dll
c:\users\truhtanov\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Twitter\Twitter\bin\Debug\Tp.Integration.Plugin.Common.dll
c:\users\truhtanov\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Twitter\Twitter\bin\Debug\Tp.Plugin.Core.dll
c:\users\truhtanov\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Twitter\Twitter\bin\Debug\Tp.Service.Proxies.dll
c:\users\truhtanov\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Twitter\Twitter\bin\Debug\Twitterizer2.dll
c:\users\truhtanov\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Twitter\Twitter\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\truhtanov\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Twitter\Twitter\bin\Debug\log4net.xml
c:\users\truhtanov\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Twitter\Twitter\bin\Debug\StructureMap.pdb
c:\users\truhtanov\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Twitter\Twitter\bin\Debug\StructureMap.xml
c:\users\truhtanov\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Twitter\Twitter\bin\Debug\Twitterizer2.pdb
c:\users\truhtanov\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Twitter\Twitter\bin\Debug\Twitterizer2.xml
c:\users\truhtanov\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Twitter\Twitter\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.pdb
c:\users\truhtanov\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Twitter\Twitter\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\truhtanov\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Twitter\Twitter\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\truhtanov\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Twitter\Twitter\obj\Debug\Twitter.dll
c:\users\truhtanov\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\Twitter\Twitter\obj\Debug\Twitter.pdb
